Overdue section/chapter (#348)
killbill/killbill-docs: userguide/kaui/includes/overdue.adoc

=== Overview

Kaui lets you configure basic settings for how the system behaves when an account is overdue. In Kaui, this is a subset of the full overdue configuration settings and is defined at the tenant level. For more information, see the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/overdue.html[_Overdue System Guide_].

[NOTE]
*Note:* You can also configure overdue actions for the _global_ Kill Bill system (as opposed to configuring at the tenant level). For more information, see the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/overdue.html[_Overdue System_] documentation.

See the following sections to configure overdue (dunning) flows for a tenant:

[cols="1,1"]
[frame=none]
[grid=none]
|===

a| * <<View Overdue Configuration,View overdue configuration>>
* <<Configure Overdue Flows,Configure overdue flows>>
* <<Upload an XML Overdue Configuration File,Upload an XML overdue configuration file>>

a| * <<View Overdue Configuration as XML,View overdue configuration as XML>>
* <<Delete Overdue Flows,Delete overdue flows>>

|===

You cannot edit a raw overdue configuration XML file in Kaui.

> 

Reviewer: Would it be better to move this line to the "Upload an XML Overdue Configuration File" section?

Author: Fixed - see page 4 of PDF

+
Kaui displays the Tenant Configuration page.
+
. Scroll down and click on the Overdue Show tab:
+
image::OverdueTab.png[width=850,align="center"]

=== Configure Overdue Flows

The following steps explain how to set up overdue flows (i.e., actions) for the tenant.

. <<View Overdue Configuration,Go to the Overdue Show tab>> on the Tenant Configuration page.
+
image::OverdueTab.png[width=850,align="center"]
+
. Click the plus sign ( image:i_PlusGreen.png[] ) next to *Existing Overdue Config*.
+
Kaui opens the Overdue Configuration screen:
+
image::OverdueConfig-Empty.png[width=850,align="center"]
+
. Click *+ New Overdue States*. Kaui opens the fields for editing:
+
image::OverdueConfig-BlankFields.png[width=850,align="center"]
+
. Fill in the fields for the current row. For field information, see the <<Overdue Configuration Field Descriptions>> table.
+
. To add another overdue configuration row, click *+ new overdue states*.
+
image::Overdue-Select-NewOverdueState.png[width=450,align="center"]
+
. When you are done adding configuration rows, click the *Save* button. Kaui displays the new row(s) on the Overdue Show tab:
+
I NEED A SCREENSHOT OF THIS

> 

Reviewer: You can use the attached screenshot. I've also observed a few scenarios when it is not possible to save the overdue configuration. I've filed[ this issue](https://github.com/killbill/technical-support/issues/48) to track it. 
![save-overdue-state](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85998496/164414152-fc32e2f1-0213-4966-8fb6-838e084c340c.png)

Author: @reshmabidikar - The screenshot above shows the Catalog tab, not the Overdue tab.

Reviewer: @Flowwriter, when the "Save" button is clicked, the browser displays the "Catalog" tab with a message at the top of the screen that says "Overdue Config Successfully Added". I had to explicitly click the "Overdue" tab. Attaching this  screenshot.
![save-overdue-state2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85998496/164649025-6a4df1a1-c434-4956-810d-71d9a61ade46.png)

Author: I decided to show the Overdue tab but just mention the success message. This is page 3.

[NOTE]
*Note:* To edit an existing overdue state/action, on the Overdue Show tab, click the plus sign ( image:i_PlusGreen.png[] ) next to *Existing Overdue Config*. This opens the overdue configuration fields in edit mode.

=== Overdue Configuration Field Descriptions

[cols="1,3"]
|===
^|Field ^|Description

| Name

> | The name assigned to the overdue flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The name assigned to the overdue state.
```

Author: Fixed - see page 3 of PDF

| External Message
| Message text that other plugins, when listening for overdue events, can retrieve and display to the user. (_Optional_)

| Block Subscription Changes
| If set to `true`, the customer can make plan changes to the subscription in this overdue state. If set to `false`, the customer cannot make changes.

> 

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be the other way round? If set to `true`, the customer _cannot_ make plan changes and if set to `false`, the customer can make changes?

Author: Fixed - see page 3 of PDF

| Subscription Cancellation
a| Select the option that describes how Kill Bill behaves regarding a cancellation in this overdue state:

* `NONE`: The subscription is not cancelled. _Not sure this is right_

> 

Reviewer: Yes, I think so too, NONE means that the subscription should not be canceled when this state is reached, but better get it confirmed.

Author: @sbrossie or @pierre ^^

Reviewer 2: It might be a tad confusing, but essentially Kaui will remove the string `POLICY` (from the dropdown options) before sending it to Kaui, so that the value is mapped to one of the 3 allowed values from https://github.com/killbill/killbill-api/blob/master/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/overdue/api/OverdueCancellationPolicy.java.

`NONE` means the field is ignored (no cancel action), and `END_OF_TERM`/`IMMEDIATE` map to the corresponding billing policies when cancelling the subscriptions.

See:
* https://github.com/killbill/killbill-admin-ui/blob/c42aee1fcc7bf2f14849b9336c7dd40373f34402/app/models/kaui/overdue.rb#L23
* https://github.com/killbill/killbill-admin-ui/blob/c42aee1fcc7bf2f14849b9336c7dd40373f34402/app/views/kaui/admin_tenants/new_overdue_config.html.erb#L39

Author: @reshmabidikar - I could use your help with this. I understand that `POLICY_IMMEDIATE` and `POLICY_END-OF-TERM` are the same as the subscription cancellation policy `IMMEDIATE` and `END-OF-TERM` settings, but I don't understand the difference between `NONE` and `POLICY_NONE`.

Reviewer 2: I think it's the same looking at the code, I'm not quite sure the reason to have both. I _suspect_ it might have to do with the UI to respect default values: https://github.com/killbill/killbill-admin-ui/commit/c63b55d58a4fe9634eca35db14b800ea0d70f2bc

Author: I've changed the `NONE` and `POLICY_NONE` definitions to say they are the same thing. See page 4 of PDF.

* `POLICY_NONE`: ??? _Maybe some to do with the default cancellation policy in the catalog? Not sure..._

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure either.

Author: @sbrossie or @pierre ^^

Reviewer 2: See above.

* `POLICY_IMMEDIATE_POLICY`: Cancels the subscription immediately and applies a partial credit to the
account based on how much of the service has been consumed.

* `END_OF_TERM`: Cancels the subscription at the end of the billing period with no refund to
the customer (i.e., no proration).

| Days Since Earliest Unpaid Invoice
| Specifies how many days should pass after the last unpaid invoice before initiating this overdue flow.

| Tag Inclusion
a| Specifies that the overdue flow will occur if the account is tagged with one of the selected system (control) tags. To disregard tag inclusion for this overdue state, leave as the default `NONE` setting.

* `AUTO_PAY_OFF`
* `AUTO_INVOICING_OFF`
* `OVERDUE_ENFORCEMENT_OFF`
* `MANUAL_PAY`
* `TEST`
* `PARTNER`

For a description of system tags, see the https://docs.killbill.io/latest/userguide_subscription.html#components-tag["Tags"] section of the _Subscription Guide_.

| Tag Exclusion
| Specifies that the overdue flow will _not_ occur if the account is tagged with one of the selected system (control) tags. See tags information above.

> 

Reviewer: My understanding was that this specifies that the overdue flow should kick in when the account is _NOT_ tagged with the specified control tag, but now I'm confused too 😛 Better to get this confirmed too.

Author: You're right - I rechecked the documentation: https://docs.killbill.io/latest/overdue.html#overdue_conditions 

Fixed - see page 4 of PDF

Reviewer: I've documented the above, so again, that was based on my understanding, but based on your explanation, I now think what you are saying might be correct too, in which case we will need to update the  https://docs.killbill.io/latest/overdue.html#overdue_conditions doc.  

@pierre, @sbrossie  can you confirm? So, we are slightly confused about how the Tag Exclusion works for overdue. Does it mean that the overdue flow will NOT occur when an account is tagged with the specified tag OR does it mean that the overdue flow will occur when the account is NOT tagged with the specified control tag?

Reviewer 2: Overdue flow will kick in if the account has a tag matching one of the ones from `controlTagInclusion` and none of the ones from `controlTagExclusion`.

Easiest might be to look at the code 🙃 
Check https://github.com/killbill/killbill/issues/256 and https://github.com/killbill/killbill/blob/9a916247dae66e82c109da9e92d19ad2fbd78bc3/overdue/src/main/java/org/killbill/billing/overdue/config/DefaultOverdueCondition.java#L82-L83.

Reviewer: Sorry, I had taken a look at this code earlier while creating the [overdue doc](https://docs.killbill.io/latest/overdue.html#overdue_conditions), I forgot, don't know what I was thinking 😳 . @FlowWriter, so what I had documented is correct, the overdue flow is triggered when the account is _NOT_ tagged with the specified control tag.

Author: Fixed. I have not regenerated the PDF, though.

| Number of Unpaid Invoices
| Specifies that the overdue flow will occur if the number of unpaid invoices equals or exceeds the specified value.

| Total Unpaid Invoice Balance
| Specifies that the overdue action will occur if the total unpaid invoice balance equals or exceeds the specified value.

|===

=== Upload an XML Overdue Configuration File

. <<View Overdue Configuration,Go to the Overdue Show tab>> on the Tenant Configuration page.
+
image::OverdueTab.png[width=850,align="center"]
+
. Click the plus sign ( image:i_PlusGreen.png[] ) next to *Existing Overdue Config*.
+
Kaui opens the Overdue Configuration screen:
+
image::OverdueConfig-Empty.png[width=850,align="center"]
+
. Click *Enable Advanced Configuration (Upload XML)*. Kaui displays an upload screen:
+
image::Overdue-AdvancedConfigUpload.png[width=450,align="center"]
+
. Click the *Choose File* button, locate the XML file, and select it.
+
Once you have selected the file, Kaui displays the filename next to the *Choose File* button.
+
image::Overdue-AdvancedConfigUpload-File.png[width=450,align="center"]
+
. Click the *Upload* button.
+

> If the upload is successful, Kaui displays a confirmation message along with a list of plans on the Catalog Show tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the upload is successful, Kaui displays a confirmation message along with a list of overdue states on the Overdue Show tab:
```

Author: Copy/paste error! Thanks. Fixed.

See page 5 of PDF

> If the upload is successful, Kaui displays a confirmation message along with a list of plans on the Catalog Show tab:

Reviewer: Adding a screenshot here in case you need one. 
![upload-overdue](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85998496/164417885-e8ee91b7-ceeb-4538-a91b-2b38d1237e3b.png)

Author: @reshmabidikar - The screenshot above shows the Catalog tab, not the Overdue tab. (I fixed the incorrect reference to the Catalog Show tab.) I'd love a screenshot of the Overdue Show tab with at least two overdue flows displayed.

Reviewer: Same comment as above, I took a screenshot after explicitly clicking on the Overdue tab:
![upload-overdue-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85998496/164649513-764810b4-2f63-4ff4-800f-c1a40200f923.png)

Author: I decided to show the Overdue tab and just mention the success message. See page 5 - 6.

=== View Overdue Configuration as XML

. <<View Overdue Configuration,Go to the Overdue Show tab>> on the Tenant Configuration page.
+
image::OverdueTab.png[width=850,align="center"]
+
. Click *View Overdue XML* to the right of the plus sign ( image:i_PlusGreen.png[] ).

NOT SURE WHAT HAPPENS HERE. IT DOESN'T WORK FOR ME - GOES TO MAIN HOMEPAGE SCREEN WITH NO ERROR MESSAGE

> 

Reviewer: Same with me. I have filed [an issue](https://github.com/killbill/technical-support/issues/48) to track this.

=== Delete Overdue Flows

. <<View Overdue Configuration,Go to the Overdue Show tab>> on the Tenant Configuration page.
+
image::OverdueTab.png[width=850,align="center"]
+
. Click the plus sign ( image:i_PlusGreen.png[] ) next to *Existing Overdue Config*.
+
Kaui opens the Overdue Configuration screen.
+
. Click the red X ( image:i_RedX.png[] ) to the right of every configuration row you want to delete.
+
image::Overdue-Select-Delete.png[width=850,align="center"]
+
. Click the *Save* button.
+
Kaui removes the overdue configuration row(s) from the Overdue Show tab and displays a successful deletion message.

> THIS ALSO DOESN'T WORK FOR ME. I'M ASSUMING YOU GET A CONFIRMATION MESSAGE THAT THE DELETE WORKED.

Reviewer: In my case, it works when I delete some of the rows in the overdue configuration but not all. When I try to delete all the rows, an error occurs. I have filed [this](https://github.com/killbill/technical-support/issues/48) GitHub issue.
